doc: add information about puppet-thebastion and yubico-piv-checker (#73)
ovh/the-bastion: README.md

## Related

### Dependencies

- [ovh-ttyrec](https://github.com/ovh/ovh-ttyrec) - an enhanced but compatible version of ttyrec, a terminal (tty) recorder

### Optional tools

- [yubico-piv-checker](https://github.com/ovh/yubico-piv-checker) - a self-contained go binary to check the validity of PIV keys and certificates. Optional, to enable The Bastion PIV-aware functionalities.

> - [puppet-thebastion](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/goldenkiwi/thebastion) ([GitHub](https://github.com/ovh/puppet-thebastion)) - a Puppet module to indutrialize and maintain the configuration of The Bastion machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [puppet-thebastion](https://forge.puppet.com/modules/goldenkiwi/thebastion) ([GitHub](https://github.com/ovh/puppet-thebastion)) - a Puppet module to industrial￼ize and maintain the configuration of The Bastion machines
```
